AI is completely shaking up SEO and it's
happening as we speak. If you're a B2B
or a SAS company and you're not
investing in building a foundational
plan when it comes to LLMs, then the
chances are you might be falling behind.
I recently sat down with Vasco Montero
to share exactly what we're doing for
our B2B and SAS clients when it comes to
driving pipeline through traditional
Google search as well as LLMs just like
chat GPT and AI overviews on Google. We
break down exactly how we've driven
millions in pipeline and revenue for
those clients. No fluff, just pure
tactical advice that you can put into
play today. Let's dive into it. Welcome.
Me and Sam were just talking offline
about how LLM rank tracking is BS. So,
we'll we'll start here. Uh so, both of
us do SEO, Sam, with you do SEO as well.
What's your honest opinion on LM rank
tracking and uh and all that?
Yeah, I think most of it is BS. At least
now I feel like the only folks that are
winning when it comes to LLM and AI
search tracking is the SAS tools that
have come out the back of it. I've seen
four or five SAS tools just crop out the
woodwork in the last few months. Like
some of which have had 20 $30 million in
funding and it feels like they've won
building the product, but I don't know
if the end users, whether that's
agencies, in-house marketers,
solarreneurs, etc. that actually want to
get data on what folks are searching
around certain prompts be on chat GPT or
otherwise. I don't feel like they're
winning because I feel like it's so
difficult to actually analyze and
actually get real data.
>> There's no data on that. The thing is,
yeah, with Google, Google tells you,
hey, listen, this is what people are
searching for. This is how many times
they search for it in a month. With LLM,
you don't know the prompts people are
searching for because they don't give
you that data, right? So, how do you
make a product around that? It's quite
interesting how they're making it,
right? Ex.
>> Exactly. To me, it all feels like
guesstimation. I mean, I'm sure over
time because this is so new on the grand
scheme of things, I'm sure over time it
will become more easier and easier to
actually track the type of prompts that
folks are searching. But to me, it feels
like one because
>> the data that can get served up to you
in LLMs can be skewed by your previous
history and what you've kind of looked
for in the past.
>> Two, every prompt can be super obscure
and niche. So, how do you know what
everyone's searching for? And three,
like results each time varies so much um
across tools. So, it's like it's so
difficult to pinpoint compared to like
you say Google search where you've
historically gone by kind of keyword
traffic, rankings, impressions,
clickthroughs, etc., which is a lot more
tangible.
>> Yeah, I'd say it's impossible, but who
knows? We'll see how the market
develops. I just know is charging like
$1,000 a month for that add-ons, which
is a bit insane, but I mean, it's their
own.
>> It's funny. Yeah, I saw I know their CMO
Tim Sulu who's been on our podcast
breaking B2B a while back and it looks
like he's trying to push for a free
trial for that. But yeah, all I know is
my subscription or my agency
subscription to HFS is going up and up
and they're making some good good
dollars from us. But I I still have a
lot of love for them. In fact, I've got
their book in my background and they've
partnered with us on stuff. So they're
they're a cool company.
>> I love like for for example for doing
backlink research. It's the best thing.
I just put a competitor URL there, check
their backlinks, check if I can
replicate some of them, and then just go
from there. It's a great tool.
>> Yeah,
>> great tool. They do great content, so I
can't I can't say a bad thing about them
really.
>> Yeah. Speaking of of backlinks, by the
way, for your clients, is that something
that you usually like put effort in, or
is it more just content than technical
SEO?
>> I suppose clients come to us for
different different I guess end
deliverables. Most of the time we're
working with small marketing teams and
usually they they see the value in
organic search be it on Google now LLMs
to get visibility get brand recognition
and drive inbound leads demos or
pipeline and most of the time they just
lack the resources in house. So usually
that means building out the strategy
doing the work doing the execution
building the content articles landing
pages product pages comparison pages
whatever sometimes publishing it to the
website and then doing backlink work
citations etc. So yeah, that often comes
as part of the part of the plan.
>> We I asked about backlinks because we've
seen backlinks work like insanely well.
It's sort of like a magic little little
thing.
>> You can overuse them. I've seen guys get
penalized and clapped by Google. So
that's
>> I think there's there's a funny thing
about backlinks.
con you I don't know if you feel the
same but I feel a lot of content can do
really well without links and that
usually is when you get super niche like
with SAS companies that we work with
when we're talking about going after the
competitors that a lot of their
customers kind of move away from and
going super niche into product features
functionalities pain points use cases
industries they serve best etc that kind
of content can work really well that's
kind of low search difficulty but super
high sales intent and likely to drive
leads
Whereas when you go to the more generic
category based terms like I don't know
Canada scheduling software and all that
kind of stuff. Yeah. You've got no
chance of ranking without backlinks.
Yeah. Um they have they have their times
definitely where they're needed.
>> True. True. And it's pretty cool that
you do B2B SAS SEO where we're where a
SAS company. The one of the best types
of contents to produce is like
comparison pages. You versus them. Your
pricing their pricing features like just
comparing. And what I've seen is even
though these comparison pages might not
rank on Google and Bing, they are cited
on GPT uh cla which is pretty cool. I
think age came out with a study which
they concluded that the freshness of the
citations on chipt are more fresh than
the links on Google. Does that makes
that make sense? you know so the content
is fresher on GPT
>> and again even though it doesn't rank on
Google it is still sited mention on on
GPT like I need a tool for hosting my
online course gives you a bunch of them
I want to make sure that I have
unlimited seats
>> well you only GPD only has data on if
you have unlimited seats or not if you
just stay somewhere so that's been
insane for for ses at least what I'm
seeing at the moment
>> yeah I think a lot of the crux of good
SEO is what is neglected is
understanding the dream client and
really understanding their world. And
this comes back to running getting that
regular feedback loop of talking to your
existing customers, target prospects or
even recently churned, recently won and
kind of knowing like what is the tipping
point like what's their job to be done?
What do they struggle with, get annoyed
with in house where it becomes so
annoying, causes churn, causes cash flow
issues, causes customer loss that they
then move to you like in SAS space
that's mostly trying to juggle
spreadsheets or do some kind of weird
internal process that gets so
frustrating they eventually evaluate
solutions like yours? for who's like the
big boy, the big player in your industry
that they often start with but then they
get frustrated with because maybe the
custom support is off, the pricing goes
crazy when they add extra users or
something else is off. Um, and if you
can know those like expensive pain
points, those expensive jobs to be done,
those expensive struggling points, it's
huge to leverage like you said there
with alternative or comparison stuff,
but a lot of that goes beyond SEO. It's
just good B2B marketing to know this.
Yeah, exactly. I guess SEO is like a
holistic marketing strategy. There's a
bunch of stuff in inside of it.
>> I saw this u this e-commerce guys,
e-commerce store where they have like
the the product, the classic product
page. Then at the bottom they have like
hey this is made out of this material
and it's made out of this because it's
um USA whatever approved paint whatever.
So they're specific about the material
and why that material is there and what
it does. And I find it so cool because
when when you go on LLM's and you ask
it, hey, I'm looking for like a gu,
they're garden beds. I'm looking for a
garden bed. Which material should I
choose?
>> Well, metal, wood, whatever. Okay, let
me go with metal because it's more
resistant. But then it tells you, hey,
but metal can be like bad for your
health. Okay, then find me a brand that
has metal garden beds that's not bad for
your health. These guys will show up
because they mention it. They talk about
it. So I think at least that's my
opinion nowadays in the LLM space. It's
all about giving as much context as you
can about your product, your service,
what you do, what you don't do, just
putting it all out there. I think that's
how you how you can win in the LLM
space. What do you think?
>> Definitely. I mean, it's not all that
different from the good classic B2B and
SAS SEO playbook, right? like working
out the industries you serve best,
working out the use cases, working out
the features, working out the problems
you solve and prioritizing working out
the competitors that come up in sales
calls to a frustrating amount.
Prioritizing that content, i.e. the
pages that make sense for that content
and then going super deep, but not going
super deep, i.e. getting chat GBT to
write you a load of BS like I you are
going to supercharge your revenues in
100 days using this technological
wizardry that doesn't even make sense
but leveraging the the stuff you've
learned from your customers and then
writing it in language that they
understand the jargon they actually use
internally and then to your point going
deep on the topic whether it's about
whether it's about a certain industry a
certain use case certain feature in this
case the fact that they're I don't know
saving the environment or whatever it is
relevant to this offer but like you say
yeah LLMs love that depth
Because think about it, people search on
Google, like linking it back to SAS. On
Google, a CMO might search best proposal
software. On LLM, they might search, I
run a 50 sales, 50 seat sales operation.
We're struggling with this software. I
need a sales software that has feature
A, B, and C within X and Y price point.
I need it within this timeline, and it
has to have this capabilities. Like the
searches are so much more granular. So,
it's thinking about that with the
content that you put out and making it
useful and obviously chunking up on page
so LLM can easily pick it up and such.
>> Yeah, I think that's the playbook
honestly. Do you have any like anything
you've tested recently with RLMs that
you found like how to manipulate? I have
something pretty cool with with Grock,
but I want to hear if you have something
as well. Oh,
>> okay. We did an episode recently where I
basically said, look, if I were a
marketer at B2B SAS or a founder of B2B
SAS and I had 90 days to start driving
pipeline on Google and LLMs, like this
is what I'd do. A quick 10-second break
before we continue. If you're a B2B or
SAS company and you want to start
driving actual revenue through AI search
and SEO and build an evergreen marketing
channel, grab a quick call with me over
at breakingb2.com or hit the link in the
description below. A lot of it is what
we just spoke about like prioritizing. A
lot of SEO work and LM work comes down
to pri like ruthless prioritization.
like really drill down into what are the
industries we've historically sold well
into that have the problem we solve that
we can look at our CRM and we know they
have they drive good revenue. What are
the main aspects of our product or
features of our product that people want
to know or people care about? And then
what are the kind of main competitors
that come up in sales conversations to
an annoying level that we sometimes lose
to and like prioritizing that that
content in terms of kind of search term
and content to build out. but also doing
the quick win stuff like we can analyze.
we've already got this commercial
content like ranking in Google's sake I
know on page one wherever it is maybe
that's if we're in the proposal software
space like best proposal software for
sales teams whatever it could be
something like that or it could be
proposify alternatives or quiller
alternatives or panda dooc alternatives
or something like that but we can see
we've already got that content like
let's just refresh it and make it
benchmark what's ranking top and blow
that completely out of the water and to
your point like make the content more
relevant maybe leverage some unique data
that we've got maybe we've done a
research topic with our customers
customers like weave that in and just
make it more helpful and then eventually
maybe need to point some back links to
it. But I suppose one of the big things
is listicical especially in my world
world B2B SAS type in anything almost
related to high sales intent bottom of
the funnel searches like we're
evaluating X software it's probably
going to site a listical in a small
little link. So if you can one
get as many lines in the water on your
own website. So, make sure you've built
every listical that makes sense around
your product. Whether that's for
alternative searches, pricing searches,
or generic category terms like best x
software or best x software for niche.
Like, build those on your own website so
you own them where you position your
tool as number one.
>> Yeah.
>> But they're not wall of text. They
actually show the product in action.
They have like video reviews of
customers that have switched to you and
they're actually productled and they
work as a sales page and have a fair
comparison of the other alternative
vendors. But then reach out to those. In
this case, you could probably just do a
Google search for what you're trying to
rank for. Reach out to those listicles
that are ranking top three, top four,
top five, and try and get a placement in
the top three or four of their
listicles, which you can quite often do.
I think a lot of folks are scared to do
it, but you can do it for free. Like
we've done it quite a lot for Breaking
B2B, just with a value exchange. So
whether that's like you reach out to the
whoever's running marketing for their
site or whoever makes sense and then you
offer them something like we'll place
you in this list of cool or we'll do a
sponsored post about you or invite you
to our podcast or add you to this
webinar or something like that. There's
usually some kind of low lift kind of
value exchange so you can get those
placements and those list
>> that's why I'm here, right? I got
invited to this podcast because we're
going to be ranking first on the list.
I'm just kidding. But yeah, I Yeah, I
think it's easier than people realize to
to just either pay or do do them a favor
value exchange as you said. Yeah. To
show up first.
>> Yeah, exactly. And there might be
circumstances where is paytoplay and it
makes sense because they're ranking top
and Google search and there's good
intent, there's good traffic to it, like
you might as well just pay, but there
might be others where you can do some
kind of exchange. Um, those are a few,
there's lots more. What I've seen as
well, like maybe you've seen this
before. It's uh Wise, Transfer Wise is a
bank. You know about them? It's a bank
making app.
>> I've heard of them. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, what they do is they produce
they're sort of a PayPal's competitor.
They produce content about PayPal better
than PayPal's content. So, they rank
above PayPal for their own keywords. For
example, like PayPal's fees, they rank
above PayPal for that because I mean the
content is just so much better. they
have like this amazing calculator.
>> So just that just goes to show you if
you you can produce content about your
competitors about your other B2B or S
competitors
>> about them better than them. Uh this is
something we do on on YouTube like um
how to use competitor name, right? Um,
and we we want to start doing it more on
like in written formats literally how to
use this tool or this feature in this
competitor because you can lally just
show them how to do it and then say,
"Hey, listen. This is good. We have one
that does it even better, even faster,
even cheaper, right?"
>> Yeah, completely agree. We get a lot.
So, I work with a lot of B2B SAS teams,
right? And so many, especially as you
move more mid-market and enterprise,
usually the bigger the organization, the
more wellknown, they're very scared to
do this.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Um I think one they're scared of legal
and also just folks on their team are
like, "Oh, we shouldn't ever mention our
competitors." A similar argument around
sharing pricing on a on a B2B website
and we can get into that in a second.
Like not sharing pricing is ridiculous
on any website,
>> especially with LMS because they're
going to share it anyway just from
sources you can't control. So yeah, the
thing is like it's so smart to do this
strategy because most customers most B2B
SAS companies we speak to like a lot a
decent chunk of their customers come
because they're annoyed the incumbent
vendor and if you're hearing that
repetitively on sales calls or success
calls like you need to double down on
that and that the good thing about SEO
is like you said it's so low difficulty
but easy lift and all you've got to do
is like transcribe those sales calls and
you can get all the information you need
to weave into those pages and you're
probably going to rank better than what
it's ever ranking at the moment. Um,
there's a bit more to it in terms of
strategy, but a high level that's all
you got to do. And those those I've seen
those pages rank in 72 hours, like top
three.
>> Yeah. And often times, like you're
producing content about the competitors
that they didn't even produce, so it's
even easier, right?
>> Yeah. I feel like it's a known strategy,
but I just feel like a lot of companies
don't exhaust it. They maybe do it a
little bit or they skip it or just don't
do it thoroughly.
>> Yeah. I think more people should be
doing it because I think it works very
well. It's bottom of the funnel and it's
easy to rank for.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I was mentioning uh my my I guess
secret strategy for Grock, which is just
exploitation for now because that's how
all marketing works, right? Marketing is
just finding what stuff that works until
it stops working. Basically, we just
took a bunch of YouTube videos which we
already produced the videos on on
YouTube. And I thought, okay, let me
just go first and ask Gro, hey, what's
the best AI tool for SEO or what's the
best keywords that I think people would
search for, excuse me, prompts that
could find my product on Grog and we
weren't showing up. And so I I created a
Twitter account and I started basically
uploading the YouTube videos we were
producing that talked about SEO and
about our product onto Twitter all the
time, every day. And eventually when I
went on Grock now and asked for stuff
about SEO, well suddenly we were being
cited because Grock is biased, right?
Grock as any LM is they site Twitter
posts much more often than not. Makes
>> sense.
>> Just like for example GPT sites Bing or
excuse me there's a correlation between
Bing rankings and GPT.
>> Did you hear about the Google thing
recently with them by the way?
>> No, we can go into that. I'll let you
finish then we'll talk about it.
>> No, I was just saying for example
perplexity like for whichever reason
sites YouTube videos a lot. Yeah, Grock
sites about your tweets. So, just put
out a bunch of your tweets saying you're
the best or you do or what's your
pricing or whatever to make sure you
show up on on Grog. I don't know for how
long that will work, but that's the
exploitation that's happening at the
moment.
>> That's a funny little hack. Yeah. Yeah.
That's that's funny, man. It's kind of
like marketers pretty much every B2B
market, almost every B2B and SAS
marketer that joins a discovery call or
sales call with us are like, "Well, we
want to start getting visibility on
LLMs. How do we do it?" And I said,
"Well, you need to go back in your time
machine and build brand 10 years ago."
>> Because that's literally the companies
that are winning on there, like the ones
that have got all this. Because the long
short of it is LLM's like the Grock
hacker side. They're pulling stuff from
all over the web.
>> Like Reddit's one of the most sorted um
cited sites. You got Wikipedia. You've
obvious got direct from websites. You
got comparisons, review sites. So if
you've got 105 years worth of folks
talking about your brand and mentioning
your brand in a positive way relevant to
your product, then that's that's why the
a lot of the times the big players that
have got all this PR from over the years
are winning because they've just got so
many folks talking about them on these
different channels. But there is ways to
win like we said like listicles or
different making sure your website's
super exhaustive on all the use cases
and details and stuff we can s people
are searching for and there's lots of
different playbooks that you can roll
out. Something I was going to say is
that I think up to now or up till
recently, a lot of folks thought that
chatbt was like mainly pulling from Bing
and wasn't really referencing Google,
but I don't know if you saw Backlinko
recently did this experiment and I think
someone else did as well where they made
up a new word. They made up a new term.
They built a page that just there's like
a wall of text about this madeup word,
set it only with their robots. They set
it so it could only be picked up by
Google.
>> Then indexed it. So, it was only picked
up at Google, indexed a few hours later,
and then searched for what is that
madeup word, and then it chat GBT, I
think it was only the Chat GP plus and
perplexity. The other ones didn't find
it, but just those two pulled up the
exact page copy word for word from
Google.
>> From Google. Yeah.
>> So, I think that was quite interesting
because I thought like Bing was one of
the most sourced sites, but it looks
like they're starting to pull from
Google quite a lot.
>> I think like because there's a very high
correlation between Bing and Google,
right? what ranks first on Google
usually ranks first on Bing, right? So,
I could be wrong here, but I'd say I'd
still think GPT still prioritizes Bing
even if they don't say so.
>> I mean, it makes sense because of
Microsoft backing and stuff, but
>> yeah, exactly.
>> Yeah,
>> it's going to be interesting how they
how they monetize these engines like
because I know you have to pay the
subscription. Are are you going to put
ads there? Is it going to become a
Google search again? Like, how is it
going to become, you know?
>> Yeah, that is interesting. Like weren't
they talking about like from an
e-commerce perspective which is outside
of my wheelhouse but weren't they
talking about with e-commerce like
through the transactions like if they
could track that you made the
transaction then they pull cash from
that like they attribute it back as
opposed to directly showing ads in the
results. I'm not sure like I don't know
how that would work from someone
searching for a SAS tool whether there
has to be some kind of attribution back
to the ad. I'm not entirely sure but be
interesting to see.
>> That could be interesting. That could be
very interesting. It's it's as if like
Google didn't have Google Ads,
>> but they got a commission off of any
sale would come from a result. It would
be interesting.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Likewise, Google AI mode
once that rolls out more and more over
the next year or so,
>> man. It's insane. Like why they take so
much time? Like for example, in my own
like family and friends, my family, they
they my mom, whatever, sister, they
stopped using Google, not just use chat
GPT. And I think if Google had built in
their GPT version in Google faster, they
wouldn't have stopped using it. I think
they're they were too late to it, right?
>> It's crazy.
>> It's an interesting point. I think I
don't know what the exact stats are, but
I know I think it was back in March of
2025. Spark to do that study where
Google still gets 373 times searches per
day or the queries per day compared to
chat GPT. And I think if you added like
chatbt, perplexity, all the all the
tools together, they're still only
2%ish, probably a bit more now of the
search market. So I still say that to
like when I'm joining calls with
marketers and founders, I say, "Look,
Google is still the demand capture
beast." Like LLMs are still early. Like
now's the time to build up your ch your
LLM foundation and make sure you're
doing stuff that works for them. But a
lot of the SEO playbook carries through,
but there is some kind of nuances to to
showing up LLM. But definitely don't
neglect Google because it still works
very well to drive
>> Yeah.
>> demand inbounds. I I was just like why
didn't they still Google AI mode hasn't
rolled out worldwide right so why don't
do it faster I don't maybe I mean surely
they have
>> it's hidden right you got to click a
link to go through to it
>> I don't even have it here I'm in
Portugal so I don't even have it no
>> okay because I think we've got it in the
UK but you have to click the tab so it's
like kind of hidden
>> yeah maybe not too sure yeah Google is
still the biggest demand capture engine
I guess yeah thousand%
>> yeah what else should we chat about in
terms of SEO I guess People love to call
them different terms now. GEO and I'm
I'm responsible for that because I do
make content with all these search terms
just because people are searching for
them, right? I just have to capitalize
on that search intent. So GEO, I don't
know, there's a bunch of terms. How do
you feel about that?
>> I often joke about it. I think I'm
similar to you in the fact that I like
to have a laugh when I'm creating
content or when I'm talking to prospects
or customers and I'm like, "Yeah, GEO,
AIO, LMO, AEO, GIO, GI Joe." But it's
all SEO, right? Like it's still search.
is just search is changing from
historically everyone thought of Google
now it's going to kind of search
everywhere like I started talking about
the 90-day playbook and one of the other
things I'm talking to companies about is
if they've got resource it's like yeah
Google's still the beast obviously LLMs
are going to get more and more market
share as time goes on but because Reddit
especially is sourced so much especially
in chat GBT is like one of the most
cited sites like if you've got someone
on your team that is a subject matter
expert that can I know there's tools now
that can like basically notify you when
someone talks about your niche or your
industry in Reddit. If you've got
someone that can that knows the Reddit
game and they can go into relevant
threads and subreddits and like comment
useful stuff that's only mentioning your
brand where relevant and just be a like
super helpful use resource that can kind
of start getting you some some extra
mentions and Google pulls up ready quite
a lot as well. So that that's quite a
nice strategy that I know some of my
clients are rolling out as well as the
listical plays as well as the making
your website super super in-depth like
we talked about and doing the brand
mention pieces and the listical pieces
and all those other things that seem
seem to get plugged by chat GPT quite a
lot.
>> Yeah. Neil Patel calls it search
everywhere optimization. It's still SEO
but just a different acronym.
>> Neil knows all man.
>> Yeah. And now as maybe you saw it
Instagram posts are going to get
indexed. So that's maybe an opportunity
for some parasite SEOs. I don't know,
some exploitation surely
>> probably. Yeah, there probably will be
like a quick hack. I think I'm one of
those weird SEOs that like most the
because I deal a lot with marketing
teams and sometimes founders, but most
of the companies we deal with have got a
marketing team. A lot of the stuff I
share comes back to B2B fundamentals.
Like if you're only going to do SEO as a
channel or now search everywhere, it's
probably not going to be that great.
Like you've got everything's got to be
looked at as a a B2B ecosystem. Like so
many like take our own leads for example
like when folks book a call with us at
breaking B2B to discuss SEO sometimes
they'll put on how did you hear about us
like we found you through YouTube or the
podcast or LinkedIn and I'll always ask
them again when they join the the Zoom
call. I'll be like how did you stumble
upon us today? Like what what made you
take the time to inquire with us? Like
you've got so many SEO agencies. Why us?
I'll be like did you find us on Google?
And they be like, "Yeah, I searched for
like B2B Sass SEO agency or something
like that." And I was like, "Oh, right.
Then you acquired." No. Then I followed
you on LinkedIn for a few months,
subscribed to newsletter.
>> Yeah.
>> Checked out your podcast, pinged that in
Slack to the rest of my team, and then
four months later after that, we
eventually booked a call. And that just
shows you that SEO is one piece of the
puzzle. But you really need to, if you
want a holistic SAS marketing or B2B
marketing strategy, you need to know
those core channels that your dream
clients are using and that they get
their trusted information from because
it works. so much better when they're
feeding into each other. Um, rather than
just solely relying on one thing and
hoping for the best.
>> Yeah. Just like with ads, I I've seen
people speak about ads where they're
much more successful and much more
profitable if you also make organic
content on the side.
>> Mhm.
>> Because people like they see an ad, they
don't really trust it. So they look for
this guy exists in a real organic thing
and they if you do, people tend to
convert. So yeah, for sure.
>> Yeah. Yeah. One you're new to LinkedIn.
So, one of my friends runs an agency,
Impactable. His name's Justin Row. He's
fairly well known on LinkedIn. Runs a
LinkedIn ads agency, very meta, but he's
like the king of that, like post posting
organic content and then paying to play
for the stuff that does well. And like
we do similar stuff at breaking B2B like
my thought leader ads I'll serve to our
ICP or I'll retarget my website traffic
and my SEO traffic and just serve them
stuff like useful tips, industry news,
case studies, results, videos, memes,
actionable tips, a mix of educational,
funny, and bottom ofunnel case studies
just to kind of stay top of mind because
I know that not everyone's going to
convert straight away. I guess I've
heard this someone say this is that
people see your your ads your organ
getting content but they might not be
ready to buy then but they might be in
the future. So you got to keep doing
keep retargeting and keep producing
content which makes sense.
>> And also the fact that if you're selling
a high ticket SAS or service or solution
there's multiple execs involved in the
decision. It's rarely just one person
unless it's like a low ticket low
consideration offer. So usually they've
got to bring it back to their team or
their board or the rest of their
marketing team or exec team. And so
there's going to be some conversation
and so they're probably going to check
out your website. So you've got to build
trust with them as well as the original
maybe head of marketing that went on
your site first or head of ops or CIO or
whoever your ICP is.
>> They've got to then influence the rest
of their team and then they'll check you
out.
>> So there's so much more than what we
think on the surface level.
>> Yeah. Even even for me as a customer,
right? I look for when I want to buy
something from someone or even a
product. I go to YouTube videos, I go to
Reddit comments, I go everywhere. I got
a m there's multiple touch points and it
takes some time like a couple weeks.
>> Yeah, totally.
>> Anything else we should chat about in
terms of the SEO space or
>> I think that's it. I think a lot of the
stuff I talk about really when it comes
to SEO is kind of drilling down to the
fundamentals and a lot of that stuff
still works. It probably is subject to
change, but I don't think much beats
like really knowing kind of your ideal
client, making customer feedback a
regular feedback loop like we you talked
about blowing existing content out the
water just by being more helpful, more
useful, more educational, and then
featuring your product as the solution.
So whether that's an article or a
comparison page, actually making it a
sales page. One thing that I'm doing
which kind of goes outside SEO right now
is I've made quite a bold claim that
because LinkedIn like one of our big
acquisition channels aside from SEO is
LinkedIn organic content. I've been
posting on there for ages but the
organic reach on that platform's dropped
quite a lot. So I made this claim that
I'm going to go big on owned media and
try and guest on like two podcasts a
week
>> okay
>> in my niche like relevant B2B marketing
or SAS marketing podcast. But that has
an SEO boost in itself. that podcast
guest podcasting is one of my favorite
SEO plays because basically gives you
three hits in one. Like I don't know if
have you heard of a site called listen
notes.
>> Don't think I have. No.
>> So this would be good some for someone
like you because you've got your own
SAS. So you could find you go on to
listenotes.com. You could type in your
own niche. So in my case B2B marketing,
SAS marketing because that's the persona
I sold to but in someone else's niche,
sports, accounting, whatever your niche
is. Then you can see the top podcasts in
that niche and you can see the the ones
that most active. You can see who hosts
the show. And then I in my case, my
playbook is I literally just see who
hosts the show, make a list of the ones
I want to go on. I'm a bit fortunate
because I've got a bit of a LinkedIn
following and just But you can let piggy
back on your YouTube because you've got
that clout. Then I'll just find them on
LinkedIn, say send them a painfully
short connection request that makes them
think, "What the heck is Sam talking
about?" Like, "Hey, Vasco, had a weird
idea for your podcast. You against a
chat?" You reply back to me saying,
"Sam, what the heck are you on about?"
I'll send I'll send you a loom that's
like under 1 minute on your website
saying like enjoyed your recent show on
this or recent YouTube video on this
which is pretty much what I did to you
anyway. Um although we had a chat before
and I'll just be like had a weird idea
that I think would be useful for your
audience like we could talk about XYZ
and I can plug you and you can plug me
etc. You do the podcast or the YouTube
video so you get potential inbound leads
and potential followers on your socials
from that but then also when they
publish the article to their website if
it's niche relevant ask for a backlink.
It's been quite a good strategy for us
over the years and that works quite
well. Plus, you get the PR, plus you can
get a brand mention for the LLM. You
almost get like three or four hits in
one. Really powerful strategy that's
neglected.
>> It's a pretty powerful strategy. A lot
of friction though. I assume most people
don't want to do that.
>> No one wants to do the hard stuff.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> The hard stuff is the most powerful.
Exactly. It is a grind, but then you
can't you could just pay a team to do it
for you, right?
>> Yeah. True.
>> It's the same with anything.
>> I think I mentioned this before on this
call or not, but you mentioned paying a
team to do the step for you. PayPal just
put out a job post for almost 300k a
year as a to help their CEO become an
influential person on LinkedIn. So you
can always pay someone to do it for you.
>> Yeah, for sure. Good stuff.
>> Cool. Yeah, I think that's that's about
it. I'm not sure where or which platform
this is going to be hosted on if mine
are yours. Regardless, Sam has this
great SEO agency for B2B and SAS
products, which I'll be honest, I've
been in the SAS space for a long time
and there's not a lot. We have maybe
like a handful of agencies dedicated
solely to to SAS and B2B. So, it's
pretty cool that we we get to chat with
someone like Sam. But yeah, Sam, where
can uh where can people find you and get
give you money for for your services?
>> You get results, which is what matters
the most.
>> No, I appreciate it, man. Enjoyed the
conversation and nice nice to talk to
someone else in the in the game. So,
there's there's three main ways for me.
One is LinkedIn, where I post daily
ramblings on SEO and B2B and SAS
Marketing. The second is the podcast
Breaking B2B. Or the third is if you're
tired of hearing me talk about SEO and
you want me to get me to shut up, just
book a call at breakingd.com and we
might be able to help you start driving
more pipeline through organic search on
Google and LLMs.
>> Good stuff. I think that's it.
>> Cheers, sir.
>> See you.
>> Good to chat.
>> I hope you got some nice insights from
this one. If you're a B2B or a SAS
company that's frustrated you're not
driving a steady flow of pipeline
through organic search on Google and now
AI searches, why not grab a call with
myself over at breaking B2B.com and we
can chat through exactly where your
business is at now, where you'd like to
get to, see if we're a decent match to
start driving qualified pipeline,
visibility, mind share, and most
importantly revenue through a solid SEO
program for your business. So that's
breaking b2t2b.com or hit the link in
the description below. Or if you're not
ready, you can grab our 90 days to
revenue SEO playbook. Head over to
breakingb2b.com, hit that newsletter
tab, or try out the breaking B2B podcast
for more actionable tips and advice. And
with that, I shall catch you on the next
one. Chiss.